Fix commitUnitOfWork to surface all errors using Promise.allSettled (#94)
heroku/heroku-applink-nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

            - Upgrade bulk to bulk2

## [1.1.0] - 2026-02-26
- Release New Latest Version Based off of beta release 1.1.0-beta.1

## [Unreleased]

> - Fix `commitUnitOfWork` to surface all subrequest errors using `Promise.allSettled`; previously `Promise.all` short-circuited on the first rejection and discarded subsequent errors

Reviewer: requesting CX review. i suspect this is more in the weeds than we want.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix `commitUnitOfWork` to surface all subrequest errors. Previously, when multiple subrequests failed, `commitUnitOfWork` only surfaced the first error and discarded subsequent errors.
```
